c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe.config
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.pdb
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary1.dll
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DatabaseClassLibrary.dll
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DatabaseManagerUtil.dll
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary1.pdb
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DatabaseClassLibrary.pdb
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\DatabaseManagerUtil.pdb
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\UserCreateWindow.g.cs
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowData.g.cs
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\UserCreateWindow.baml
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowData.baml
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.g.resources
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe
c:\users\tactfactory\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.pdb
